docs: Copy the changes from #1985 to the unstable docs (#1997)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/getting-started.mdx

### Configure access to the dashboard
For this guide we will use the cluster user, for complete documentation including how to configure an OIDC provider see the documentation [here](./configuration/securing-access-to-the-dashboard.mdx).

> We will generate a bcyrpt hash for your chosen password and store as a secret in Kubernetes. There are several different ways to generate a bcrypt hash, this guide uses a Go Docker image to generate one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will generate a bcrypt hash for your chosen password and store it as a secret in Kubernetes. There are several different ways to generate a bcrypt hash, this guide uses a Go Docker image.
```
